Add archive message to README (#553)
alphagov/govuk-coronavirus-vulnerable-people-form: README.md

![Run tests](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-coronavirus-vulnerable-people-form/workflows/Run%20tests/badge.svg)

> This codebase is archived. It has been rebuilt [here](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-shielded-vulnerable-people-service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This codebase is archived. It has been superseded by [alphagov/govuk-shielded-vulnerable-people-service](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-shielded-vulnerable-people-service).
```

linking to "here" tends to be a bad practice: https://www.w3.org/QA/Tips/noClickHere

Author: Thanks @kevindew! I amended the commit.
